README.md, before:

GDG[x] Hub
===

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/gdg-x/hub](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/gdg-x/hub?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gdg-x/hub.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gdg-x/hub)

The public instance of the GDG[x] Hub is hosted at [https://hub.gdgx.io]

## Required tools
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/download/)
* Bower - `npm install -g bower`
* Grunt - `npm install -g grunt grunt-cli`
* [MongoDB](https://github.com/gdg-x/hub/wiki/MongoDB-Config)

Note: `npm` may require `sudo` on OS X or Linux.

## Install dependencies
```
npm install
bower install
```
## Configure API keys

lib/config/keys.js
* Google API
* New Relic API

## Check Mongo Server
```
mongod
```

## Build the Hub
```
grunt build
```
The distributable version will be placed in /dist

## Start Debug Server (with LiveReload)
```
grunt serve
```

## Run Tests
```
grunt test
```

## Check installation
* check that all event data has been received by ???

## History (just for the fun of it)

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X8fuwTvA4Y2Hm_PmP8gE_VH6kNd6lYGXjbOfoNUapcM/edit?usp=sharing&authkey=CMiRgOYF

Commit message:

update(docs): improve onboarding experience
Added details for creating Google API key, clientId, and clientSecret to README.
Add wiki link to ingesting data into local Hub instance to README.
fix JSHint failures
fix 'gloal' typo in monthly_metrics recording
add bower and grunt-cli to `package.json`. Update to node 0.12.0 minimum.
Add `postinstall` and `prestart` scripts for `npm`. Updated README with new npm commands.

Closes #68. Closes #33.

README.md, after:

GDG[x] Hub
===

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/gdg-x/hub](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/gdg-x/hub?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gdg-x/hub.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gdg-x/hub)

The public instance of the GDG[x] Hub is hosted at [https://hub.gdgx.io]

## Required tools
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/download/)
* [MongoDB](https://github.com/gdg-x/hub/wiki/MongoDB-Config)


## Install dependencies
Run `npm install`

## Configure API keys

1. Define the **simpleApiKey**: The API key for your project, available from the [Cloud Console](https://cloud.google.com/console)
    1. Create a new project then go to APIs & Auth->APIs, activate Google+ API.
    1. Go to APIs & Auth->Credentials. Add Credentials->API key->Browser key->Create (keep `Any referrer allowed` set).
1. Define the **oauthClientId** and **oauthClientSecret**: The Client Id and secret for your project, available from the [Cloud Console](https://cloud.google.com/console)
    1. Go to APIs & Auth->Credentials. Add Credentials->API key->OAuth 2.0 client ID->Web Application->Create.

* lib/config/keys.js
    * simpleApiKey - Browser key from step 1
    * oauthClientId - Web Application clientId from step 2
    * oauthClientSecret - Web Application client secret from step 2

## Check Mongo Server
Run `mongostart` or `mongod`

## Build and start the Hub
Run `npm start`

The distributable version will be placed in /dist.
The debug web server has LiveReload.

## Run Tests
Run `npm test`

## Ingest data into your local Hub instance
See the [wiki](https://github.com/gdg-x/hub/wiki/Ingesting-data-into-the-Hub).

#### For GDG-X Core

[History](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X8fuwTvA4Y2Hm_PmP8gE_VH6kNd6lYGXjbOfoNUapcM/edit?usp=sharing&authkey=CMiRgOYF)
